[KOGITO-5195] - Docs for optmistic locking for concurrency control in… (#3714)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/configuration/chap-kogito-configuring.adoc

|Java object with a list of Java objects
|Custom data type built with multiple simple types and a list of Java objects, and can also contain another Java object
|===

=== Enabling optimistic locking with persistence

> Kogito runtimes need to be able to safely handle concurrent requests to shared instances such as process instances, tasks, etc. This is achieved using persistence enabled optimistic locking for concurrency control with version on record (using version field in database or metadata version in case of Infinispan). This feature is optional and can be pluggable with persistence using the following properties to the src/main/resources/application.properties file in your {PRODUCT} project,

Reviewer: @swati-kale can you list the currently supported db options as well.

|Java object with a list of Java objects
|Custom data type built with multiple simple types and a list of Java objects, and can also contain another Java object
|===

=== Enabling optimistic locking with persistence

> Kogito runtimes need to be able to safely handle concurrent requests to shared instances such as process instances, tasks, etc. This is achieved using persistence enabled optimistic locking for concurrency control with version on record (using version field in database or metadata version in case of Infinispan). This feature is optional and can be pluggable with persistence using the following properties to the src/main/resources/application.properties file in your {PRODUCT} project,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{PRODUCT} runtimes need to safely handle concurrent requests to shared instances such as process instances or tasks. {PRODUCT} handles these requests using persistence enabled optimistic locking for concurrency control with the version on record (using the version field in the database or the metadata version in the case of Infinispan). This feature is optional and can be pluggable with persistence using the following properties to the src/main/resources/application.properties file in your {PRODUCT} project,
```
IBM Style Guide - Do not use Latin abbreviations, such as e.g, etc.,  and i.e.
Avoid empty words - Removed "to be able".
Passive voice - "This is achieved" -> "Kogito handles these requests"
Swapped "Kogito" for attribute.
"can be pluggable with persistence using the following properties " - not sure what this means. Can you add this feature by adding the properties to the properties file? What is "pluggable"? Can it be done with or without persistence?

Author: done.

[source]
------
kogito.persistence.optimistic.lock=true
------

> Below are the database support the optimistic locking 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below are the databases that support optimistic locking 
```

Author: done
